- Now the next step will be
to add a couple of more dependencies,
so that the Spring Boot project that we created
can run well with Java Server Pages.
We're going to work with JSPs as the part of this course,
so let's do that.
Under your Resources folder
you already have a file which says,
Dependencies for Spring mvc with Spring boot.
So just open that file, and if you see at the top,
you have a couple of dependencies
which is for the javax.servlet API
and the Tomcat Embed Jasper API.
And this is what you need in order to work with JSPs.
So let's copy them,
come back to IDE,
and paste them in the pom.xml.
So, I'll go right down there
and if you see on line 47,
I'll paste both of them.
Also, make sure that this Enable Auto-Imported
at the right-hand side bottom part of your screen
is clicked,
so that anymore dependencies that you add in pom.xml
are picked up by the Maven build.
Next is to add the JSPs to the web app folder.
So we've already inspected the folder structure
for the hplus web app in the previous video.
If you see, there is no web app folder right now.
It only has java and the resources folder.
So we're going to add a web app folder,
so that the structure can be mirrored
that is expected to work with Tomcat container.
So let's go ahead and save web app as a directory.
Under that, let's create another one,
which is WEB-INF
and another one again for the JSPs.
So now we can just go ahead,
grab the index.jsp file from resources,
copy,
go back to IDE,
and paste it on the JSP folder.
Once that is done,
the next step will be to add the static resources.
So hplus comes with a look and feel
that has already been designed in HTML, CSS, et cetera
and those CSS and images have to be added to the project.
So let's go back to resources folder
and you already have those folders there.
Right click on them,
copy,
let's go to IDE,
and paste them under the static folder.
So we've already discussed that your static resources
will reside under the static folder.
Okay, so there we have all the static resources ready.
The next step will be
to add context configuration class for Spring.
So what this means is,
I'm just going to go to the java folder
and inside that,
I'm going to create a class.
Let's call this ApplicationConfig
and this is going to be configuration class
for our Spring context.
So I'm going to annotate it with @Configuration
and another thing that I have to do
is the ComponentScan.
So if you remember, this is the same thing
that we've already done
when we tried to set up a simple Spring MVC project
with Maven only.
So it's the same thing.
I'm just going to provide the scan base packages
and that will be com.test.hplus.
So if you see,
this is the same package that we have under our java folder
and this is the package that the entire application
is going to scan for all Spring related beans
and they're going to instantiated for you,
ready for your usage whenever you want them.
Additionally, this ApplicationConfig is also supposed to
extend WebMvcConfigurationSupport.
It's the same thing that we've done before also.
So now of course,
we have to add the context configuration class
and we have to add that entire configuration,
so I'm just pick it up from the previous project.
If you go to springmvcmaven,
we've already written that configuration before.
So I'm just going to copy line number 15 to line number 28,
copy this,
let's go to hplus app,
and let's paste it here on line 11.
Make sure the classes are imported.
Okay.
So we have add resource handlers,
which is to tell this project
where it is supposed to pick up the static resources from
and there is an InternalResourceViewResolver,
which is going to resolve the JSPs for us.
There's a small tweak that we have to do here.
In addResourceHandlers,
now the location of the static resources
is a little different for this structure.
So if you see, the resources reside under the static folder
and that is the change that we have to make here.
So on line 18, for addResourceLocations,
I'm going to say,
pick this up from the static folder,
which is on the class path.
Same goes for the images.
So we are saying that if on any JSPs,
you find these kind of paths,
they're supposed to be mapped to these locations.
So this ensures that your static resources
are served correctly.
There will be no change in the bean instantiation
that we have for InternalResourceViewResolver.
That is still going to be the same.